#
# ~/.newsboat/urls: URL configuration file for newsboat(1)
#

┌─[LINUX]
https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commits/master.atom                  "~├[c] linux-current"                                      kernel
https://github.com/gregkh/linux/commits/master.atom                    "~├[c] linux-stable"                                       kernel
https://github.com/gregkh/linux/releases.atom                          "~├[r] linux-stable"                                       kernel
│
├─[CORE]
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/acl                                          "~├[r] acl"                                                core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/attr                                         "~├[r] attr"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/autoconf                                     "~├[r] autoconf"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/automake                                     "~├[r] automake"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/bash                                         "~├[r] bash"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/bash-completion                              "~├[r] bash-completion"                                    core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/bc                                           "~├[r] bc"                                                 core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/binutils                                     "~├[r] binutils"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/bison                                        "~├[r] bison"                                              core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/bzip2                                        "~├[r] bzip2"                                              core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/ca-certificates                              "~├[r] ca-certificates"                                    core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/coreutils                                    "~├[r] coreutils"                                          core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/cpio                                         "~├[r] cpio"                                               core
https://github.com/zeppe-lin/crond/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] crond"                                              core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/curl                                         "~├[r] curl"                                               core
https://github.com/berkeleydb/libdb/releases.atom                      "~├[r] db"                                                 core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/dhcpcd                                       "~├[r] dhcpcd"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/diffutils                                    "~├[r] diffutils"                                          core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/e2fsprogs                                    "~├[r] e2fsprogs"                                          core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/ed                                           "~├[r] ed"                                                 core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/elfutils                                     "~├[r] elfutils"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/eudev                                        "~├[r] eudev"                                              core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/expat                                        "~├[r] expat"                                              core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/fakeroot                                     "~├[r] fakeroot"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/file                                         "~├[r] file"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/findutils                                    "~├[r] findutils"                                          core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/flex                                         "~├[r] flex"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/gawk                                         "~├[r] gawk"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/gcc                                          "~├[r] gcc"                                                core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/gdbm                                         "~├[r] gdbm"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/gettext                                      "~├[r] gettext"                                            core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/git                                          "~├[r] git"                                                core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/glibc                                        "~├[r] glibc{,-32}"                                        core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/gperf                                        "~├[r] gperf"                                              core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/grep                                         "~├[r] grep"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/groff                                        "~├[r] groff"                                              core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/gzip                                         "~├[r] gzip"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/hdparm                                       "~├[r] hdparm"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/iana-etc                                     "~├[r] iana-etc"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/inetutils                                    "~├[r] inetutils"                                          core
https://github.com/zeppe-lin/init/commits/standalone.atom              "~├[c] init"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/iproute2                                     "~├[r] iproute2"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/iptables                                     "~├[r] iptables"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/kbd                                          "~├[r] kbd"                                                core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/kmod                                         "~├[r] kmod"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/less                                         "~├[r] less"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/libarchive                                   "~├[r] libarchive"                                         core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/libcap                                       "~├[r] libcap"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/libdevmapper                                 "~├[r] libdevmapper"                                       core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/libffi                                       "~├[r] libffi"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/libgmp                                       "~├[r] libgmp"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/libmpc                                       "~├[r] libmpc"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/mpfr                                         "~├[r] libmpfr"                                            core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/libnsl                                       "~├[r] libnsl"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/pcre                                         "~├[r] libpcre"                                            core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/libpipeline                                  "~├[r] libpipeline"                                        core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/libtirpc                                     "~├[r] libtirpc"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/libtool                                      "~├[r] libtool"                                            core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/libusb                                       "~├[r] libusb"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/pam                                          "~├[r] linux-pam"                                          core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/lzo                                          "~├[r] lzo"                                                core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/m4                                           "~├[r] m4"                                                 core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/make                                         "~├[r] make"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/man-db                                       "~├[r] man-db"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/manpages                                     "~├[r] man-pages"                                          core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/mlocate                                      "~├[r] mlocate"                                            core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/mpdecimal                                    "~├[r] mpdecimal"                                          core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/nasm                                         "~├[r] nasm"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/ncurses                                      "~├[r] ncurses"                                            core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/openssh                                      "~├[r] openssh"                                            core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/openssl                                      "~├[r] openssl"                                            core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/patch                                        "~├[r] patch"                                              core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/pciutils                                     "~├[r] pciutils"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/perl                                         "~├[r] perl"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/pkg-config                                   "~├[r] pkg-config"                                         core
https://github.com/zeppe-lin/pkgman/commits/master.atom                "~├[c] pkgman"                                             core
https://github.com/zeppe-lin/pkgmk/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] pkgmk"                                              core
https://github.com/zeppe-lin/pkgutils/commits/master.atom              "~├[c] pkgutils"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/procps-ng                                    "~├[r] procps"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/psmisc                                       "~├[r] psmisc"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/python                                       "~├[r] python3"                                            core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/readline                                     "~├[r] readline"                                           core
https://github.com/zeppe-lin/rejmerge/commits/master.atom              "~├[r] rejmerge"                                           core
https://github.com/zeppe-lin/revdep/commits/master.atom                "~├[r] revdep"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/sed                                          "~├[r] sed"                                                core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/shadow                                       "~├[r] shadow"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/sqlite                                       "~├[r] sqlite3"                                            core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/sudo                                         "~├[r] sudo"                                               core
https://github.com/linux-ras/sysfsutils/releases.atom                  "~├[r] sysfsutils"                                         core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/sysklogd                                     "~├[r] sysklogd"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/tar                                          "~├[r] tar"                                                core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/time                                         "~├[r] time"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/tzdata                                       "~├[r] tzdata"                                             core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/usbutils                                     "~├[r] usbutils"                                           core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/util-linux                                   "~├[r] util-linux"                                         core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/vim                                          "~├[r] vim"                                                core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/wget                                         "~├[r] wget"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/which                                        "~├[r] which"                                              core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/xz                                           "~├[r] xz"                                                 core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/zlib                                         "~├[r] zlib"                                               core
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/core/zstd                                         "~├[r] zstd"                                               core
│
├─[OPT]
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/alsa-lib                                      "~├[r] alsa-lib"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/alsa-oss                                      "~├[r] alsa-oss"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/alsa-plugins                                  "~├[r] alsa-plugins"                                       opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/alsa-ucm-conf                                 "~├[r] alsa-ucm-conf"                                      opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/alsa-utils                                    "~├[r] alsa-utils"                                         opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/apache                                        "~├[r] apache"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/apr                                           "~├[r] apr"                                                opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/bindutils                                     "~├[r] bindutils"                                          opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/btrfs-progs                                   "~├[r] btrfs-progs"                                        opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/ccache                                        "~├[r] ccache"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/chrony                                        "~├[r] chrony"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/cmake                                         "~├[r] cmake"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/cryptsetup                                    "~├[r] cryptsetup"                                         opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/cups                                          "~├[r] cups"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/dbus                                          "~├[r] dbus"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/dbus-glib                                     "~├[r] dbus-glib"                                          opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/dialog                                        "~├[r] dialog"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/dnsmasq                                       "~├[r] dnsmasq"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/dosfstools                                    "~├[r] dosfstools"                                         opt
https://github.com/dracutdevs/dracut/commits/master.atom               "~├[c] dracut"                                             opt
https://github.com/dracutdevs/dracut/releases.atom                     "~├[r] dracut"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/efibootmgr                                    "~├[r] efibootmgr"                                         opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/efivar                                        "~├[r] efivar"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/elilo                                         "~├[r] elilo"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/exfatprogs                                    "~├[r] exfatprogs"                                         opt
https://github.com/relan/exfat/releases.atom                           "~├[r] exfat-utils"                                        opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/f2fs-tools                                    "~├[r] f2fs-tools"                                         opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/fontconfig                                    "~├[r] fontconfig"                                         opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/freetype                                      "~├[r] freetype"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/fuse                                          "~├[r] fuse"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/gdb                                           "~├[r] gdb"                                                opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/glib                                          "~├[r] glib"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/gnu-efi                                       "~├[r] gnu-efi"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/gnupg                                         "~├[r] gnupg"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/gnutls                                        "~├[r] gnutls"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/gobject-introspection                         "~├[r] gobject-introspection"                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/grub2                                         "~├[r] grub2"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/grub2-efi                                     "~├[r] grub2-efi"                                          opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/hpcups                                        "~├[r] hpcups"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/htop                                          "~├[r] htop"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/iftop                                         "~├[r] iftop"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/inih                                          "~├[r] inih"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/intltool                                      "~├[r] intltool"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/iperf                                         "~├[r] iperf"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/iputils                                       "~├[r] iputils"                                            opt
https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/jberg/iw.git/atom/?h=master   "~├[c] iw"                                          opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/jfsutils                                      "~├[r] jfsutils"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/json-c                                        "~├[r] json-c"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/keyutils                                      "~├[r] keyutils"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/krb5                                          "~├[r] krb5"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/lftp                                          "~├[r] lftp"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libaio                                        "~├[r] libaio"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libassuan                                     "~├[r] libassuan"                                          opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libcgroup                                     "~├[r] libcgroup"                                          opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libevent                                      "~├[r] libevent"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libgcrypt                                     "~├[r] libgcrypt"                                          opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libgpg-error                                  "~├[r] libgpg-error"                                       opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libgudev                                      "~├[r] libgudev"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libidn2                                       "~├[r] libidn2"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libjpeg-turbo                                 "~├[r] libjpeg-turbo"                                      opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libksba                                       "~├[r] libksba"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libnl                                         "~├[r] libnl"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libpcap                                       "~├[r] libpcap"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libpcre2                                      "~├[r] libpcre2"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libpng                                        "~├[r] libpng"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libtasn1                                      "~├[r] libtasn1"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libunistring                                  "~├[r] libunistring"                                       opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libuv                                         "~├[r] libuv"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libxml2                                       "~├[r] libxml2"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libxslt                                       "~├[r] libxslt"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libyaml                                       "~├[r] libyaml"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/libzip                                        "~├[r] libzip"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/lilo                                          "~├[r] lilo"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/linux-firmware                                "~├[r] linux-firmware"                                     opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/llvm                                          "~├[r] llvm"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/lm-sensors                                    "~├[r] lm-sensors"                                         opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/lsof                                          "~├[r] lsof"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/lsscsi                                        "~├[r] lsscsi"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/lua                                           "~├[r] lua"                                                opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/lvm2                                          "~├[r] lvm2"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/make-ca                                       "~├[r] make-ca"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/mdadm                                         "~├[r] mdadm"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/meson                                         "~├[r] meson"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/mod_php                                       "~├[r] mod_php"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/mtools                                        "~├[r] mtools"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/mysql                                         "~├[r] mysql"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/netcat                                        "~├[r] netcat"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/nettle                                        "~├[r] nettle"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/nfs-utils                                     "~├[r] nfs-utils"                                          opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/ngrep                                         "~├[r] ngrep"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/ninja                                         "~├[r] ninja"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/npth                                          "~├[r] npth"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/oniguruma                                     "~├[r] oniguruma"                                          opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/oprofile                                      "~├[r] oprofile"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/php                                           "~├[r] php-cgi"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/p11-kit                                       "~├[r] p11-kit"                                            opt
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/IPC-Run3                        "~├[r] p5-ipc-run3"                                        opt
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/XML-Parser                      "~├[r] p5-xml-parser"                                      opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/paper                                         "~├[r] paper"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/pinentry                                      "~├[r] pinentry"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/popt                                          "~├[r] popt"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/psutils                                       "~├[r] psutils"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/python3-mako                                  "~├[r] python3-mako"                                       opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/python3-markupsafe                            "~├[r] python3-markupsafe"                                 opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/python3-setuptools                            "~├[r] python3-setuptools"                                 opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/python3-six                                   "~├[r] python3-six"                                        opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/quota                                         "~├[r] quota"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/reiserfsprogs                                 "~├[r] reiserfsprogs"                                      opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/rpcbind                                       "~├[r] rpcbind"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/rpcsvc-proto                                  "~├[r] rpcsvc-proto"                                       opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/ruby                                          "~├[r] ruby"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/samhain                                       "~├[r] samhain"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/smartmontools                                 "~├[r] smartmontools"                                      opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/socat                                         "~├[r] socat"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/strace                                        "~├[r] strace"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/stunnel                                       "~├[r] stunnel"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/syslinux                                      "~├[r] syslinux"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/sysstat                                       "~├[r] sysstat"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/tcpdump                                       "~├[r] tcpdump"                                            opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/tmux                                          "~├[r] tmux"                                               opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/upower                                        "~├[r] upower"                                             opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/valgrind                                      "~├[r] valgrind"                                           opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/whois                                         "~├[r] whois"                                              opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/wireless-tools                                "~├[r] wireless-tools"                                     opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/wpa-supplicant                                "~├[r] wpa-supplicant"                                     opt
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/opt/xfsprogs                                      "~├[r] xfsprogs"                                           opt
│
├─[XORG]
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/cairo                                        "~├[r] cairo"                                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/glew                                         "~├[r] glew"                                               xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/glu                                          "~├[r] glu"                                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/harfbuzz                                     "~├[r] harfbuzz"                                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/libdrm                                       "~├[r] libdrm"                                             xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/libepoxy                                     "~├[r] libepoxy"                                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/libglvnd                                     "~├[r] libglvnd"                                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/libinput                                     "~├[r] libinput"                                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/libpthread-stubs                             "~├[r] libpthread-stubs"                                   xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/libva                                        "~├[r] libva"                                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/libvdpau                                     "~├[r] libvdpau"                                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/mesa                                         "~├[r] mesa"                                               xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/mesa-demos                                   "~├[r] mesa-demos"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/mtdev                                        "~├[r] mtdev"                                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/polyglotman                                  "~├[r] polyglotman"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/spice-protocol                               "~├[r] spice-protocol"                                     xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xkeyboard-config                             "~├[r] xkeyboard-config"                                   xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg                                         "~├[r] xorg"                                               xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-bdftopcf                                "~├[r] xorg-bdftopcf"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-cf-files                                "~├[r] xorg-cf-files"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-adobe-100dpi                       "~├[r] xorg-font-adobe-100dpi"                             xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-adobe-75dpi                        "~├[r] xorg-font-adobe-75dpi"                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-adobe-utopia-100dpi                "~├[r] xorg-font-adobe-utopia-100dpi"                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-adobe-utopia-75dpi                 "~├[r] xorg-font-adobe-utopia-75dpi"                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-adobe-utopia-type1                 "~├[r] xorg-font-adobe-utopia-type1"                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-alias                              "~├[r] xorg-font-alias"                                    xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-arabic-misc                        "~├[r] xorg-font-arabic-misc"                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-bh-100dpi                          "~├[r] xorg-font-bh-100dpi"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-bh-75dpi                           "~├[r] xorg-font-bh-75dpi"                                 xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-bh-lucidatypewriter-100dpi         "~├[r] xorg-font-bh-lucidatypewriter-100dpi"               xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-bh-lucidatypewriter-75dpi          "~├[r] xorg-font-bh-lucidatypewriter-75dpi"                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-bh-ttf                             "~├[r] xorg-font-bh-ttf"                                   xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-bh-type1                           "~├[r] xorg-font-bh-type1"                                 xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-bitstream-100dpi                   "~├[r] xorg-font-bitstream-100dpi"                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-bitstream-75dpi                    "~├[r] xorg-font-bitstream-75dpi"                          xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-bitstream-speedo                   "~├[r] xorg-font-bitstream-speedo"                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-bitstream-type1                    "~├[r] xorg-font-bitstream-type1"                          xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-bitstream-vera                     "~├[r] xorg-font-bitstream-vera"                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-cronyx-cyrillic                    "~├[r] xorg-font-cronyx-cyrillic"                          xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-cursor-misc                        "~├[r] xorg-font-cursor-misc"                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-daewoo-misc                        "~├[r] xorg-font-daewoo-misc"                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-dec-misc                           "~├[r] xorg-font-dec-misc"                                 xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-dejavu-ttf                         "~├[r] xorg-font-dejavu-ttf"                               xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-ibm-type1                          "~├[r] xorg-font-ibm-type1"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-isas-misc                          "~├[r] xorg-font-isas-misc"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-jis-misc                           "~├[r] xorg-font-jis-misc"                                 xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-micro-misc                         "~├[r] xorg-font-micro-misc"                               xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-misc-cyrillic                      "~├[r] xorg-font-misc-cyrillic"                            xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-misc-ethiopic                      "~├[r] xorg-font-misc-ethiopic"                            xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-misc-meltho                        "~├[r] xorg-font-misc-meltho"                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-misc-misc                          "~├[r] xorg-font-misc-misc"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-mutt-misc                          "~├[r] xorg-font-mutt-misc"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-schumacher-misc                    "~├[r] xorg-font-schumacher-misc"                          xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-screen-cyrillic                    "~├[r] xorg-font-screen-cyrillic"                          xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-sony-misc                          "~├[r] xorg-font-sony-misc"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-sun-misc                           "~├[r] xorg-font-sun-misc"                                 xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-util                               "~├[r] xorg-font-util"                                     xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-winitzki-cyrillic                  "~├[r] xorg-font-winitzki-cyrillic"                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-font-xfree86-type1                      "~├[r] xorg-font-xfree86-type1"                            xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-gccmakedep                              "~├[r] xorg-gccmakedep"                                    xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-iceauth                                 "~├[r] xorg-iceauth"                                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-imake                                   "~├[r] xorg-imake"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libdmx                                  "~├[r] xorg-libdmx"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libevdev                                "~├[r] xorg-libevdev"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libfontenc                              "~├[r] xorg-libfontenc"                                    xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libfs                                   "~├[r] xorg-libfs"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libice                                  "~├[r] xorg-libice"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-liboldx                                 "~├[r] xorg-liboldx"                                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libpciaccess                            "~├[r] xorg-libpciaccess"                                  xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libpixman                               "~├[r] xorg-libpixman"                                     xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libsm                                   "~├[r] xorg-libsm"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libx11                                  "~├[r] xorg-libx11"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxau                                  "~├[r] xorg-libxau"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxaw                                  "~├[r] xorg-libxaw"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxcb                                  "~├[r] xorg-libxcb"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxcomposite                           "~├[r] xorg-libxcomposite"                                 xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxcursor                              "~├[r] xorg-libxcursor"                                    xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxdamage                              "~├[r] xorg-libxdamage"                                    xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxdmcp                                "~├[r] xorg-libxdmcp"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxext                                 "~├[r] xorg-libxext"                                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxfixes                               "~├[r] xorg-libxfixes"                                     xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxfont                                "~├[r] xorg-libxfont"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxfont2                               "~├[r] xorg-libxfont2"                                     xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxft                                  "~├[r] xorg-libxft"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxi                                   "~├[r] xorg-libxi"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxinerama                             "~├[r] xorg-libxinerama"                                   xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxkbfile                              "~├[r] xorg-libxkbfile"                                    xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxkbui                                "~├[r] xorg-libxkbui"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxmu                                  "~├[r] xorg-libxmu"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxp                                   "~├[r] xorg-libxp"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxpm                                  "~├[r] xorg-libxpm"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxrandr                               "~├[r] xorg-libxrandr"                                     xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxrender                              "~├[r] xorg-libxrender"                                    xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxres                                 "~├[r] xorg-libxres"                                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxscrnsaver                           "~├[r] xorg-libxscrnsaver"                                 xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxshmfence                            "~├[r] xorg-libxshmfence"                                  xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxt                                   "~├[r] xorg-libxt"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxtrap                                "~├[r] xorg-libxtrap"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxtst                                 "~├[r] xorg-libxtst"                                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxv                                   "~├[r] xorg-libxv"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxvmc                                 "~├[r] xorg-libxvmc"                                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxxf86dga                             "~├[r] xorg-libxxf86dga"                                   xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxxf86misc                            "~├[r] xorg-libxxf86misc"                                  xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-libxxf86vm                              "~├[r] xorg-libxxf86vm"                                    xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-makedepend                              "~├[r] xorg-makedepend"                                    xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-mkfontscale                             "~├[r] xorg-mkfontscale"                                   xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-rendercheck                             "~├[r] xorg-rendercheck"                                   xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-rgb                                     "~├[r] xorg-rgb"                                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-server                                  "~├[r] xorg-server"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-sessreg                                 "~├[r] xorg-sessreg"                                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-setxkbmap                               "~├[r] xorg-setxkbmap"                                     xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-util-macros                             "~├[r] xorg-util-macros"                                   xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-x11perf                                 "~├[r] xorg-x11perf"                                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xauth                                   "~├[r] xorg-xauth"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xbacklight                              "~├[r] xorg-xbacklight"                                    xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xbitmaps                                "~├[r] xorg-xbitmaps"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xcb-proto                               "~├[r] xorg-xcb-proto"                                     xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xcb-util                                "~├[r] xorg-xcb-util"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xcb-util-cursor                         "~├[r] xorg-xcb-util-cursor"                               xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xcb-util-image                          "~├[r] xorg-xcb-util-image"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xcb-util-keysyms                        "~├[r] xorg-xcb-util-keysyms"                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xcb-util-renderutil                     "~├[r] xorg-xcb-util-renderutil"                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xcb-util-wm                             "~├[r] xorg-xcb-util-wm"                                   xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xcb-util-xrm                            "~├[r] xorg-xcb-util-xrm"                                  xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xcompmgr                                "~├[r] xorg-xcompmgr"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xcursorgen                              "~├[r] xorg-xcursorgen"                                    xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xdm                                     "~├[r] xorg-xdm"                                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xdpyinfo                                "~├[r] xorg-xdpyinfo"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xdriinfo                                "~├[r] xorg-xdriinfo"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xev                                     "~├[r] xorg-xev"                                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-input-elographics                  "~├[r] xorg-xf86-input-elographics"                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-input-evdev                        "~├[r] xorg-xf86-input-evdev"                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-input-joystick                     "~├[r] xorg-xf86-input-joystick"                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-input-keyboard                     "~├[r] xorg-xf86-input-keyboard"                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-input-libinput                     "~├[r] xorg-xf86-input-libinput"                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-input-mouse                        "~├[r] xorg-xf86-input-mouse"                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-input-penmount                     "~├[r] xorg-xf86-input-penmount"                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-input-synaptics                    "~├[r] xorg-xf86-input-synaptics"                          xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-input-vmmouse                      "~├[r] xorg-xf86-input-vmmouse"                            xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-amdgpu                       "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-amdgpu"                             xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-ark                          "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-ark"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-ast                          "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-ast"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-ati                          "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-ati"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-cirrus                       "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-cirrus"                             xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-dummy                        "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-dummy"                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-fbdev                        "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-fbdev"                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-intel                        "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-intel"                              xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-mga                          "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-mga"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-neomagic                     "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-neomagic"                           xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-nouveau                      "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-nouveau"                            xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-openchrome                   "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-openchrome"                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-qxl                          "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-qxl"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-siliconmotion                "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-siliconmotion"                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-sis                          "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-sis"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-tga                          "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-tga"                                xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-vboxvideo                    "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-vboxvideo"                          xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-vesa                         "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-vesa"                               xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xf86-video-vmware                       "~├[r] xorg-xf86-video-vmware"                             xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xfontsel                                "~├[r] xorg-xfontsel"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xgamma                                  "~├[r] xorg-xgamma"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xhost                                   "~├[r] xorg-xhost"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xinit                                   "~├[r] xorg-xinit"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xinput                                  "~├[r] xorg-xinput"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xkbcomp                                 "~├[r] xorg-xkbcomp"                                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xkill                                   "~├[r] xorg-xkill"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xlsfonts                                "~├[r] xorg-xlsfonts"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xmag                                    "~├[r] xorg-xmag"                                          xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xmodmap                                 "~├[r] xorg-xmodmap"                                       xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xorgproto                               "~├[r] xorg-xorgproto"                                     xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xprop                                   "~├[r] xorg-xprop"                                         xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xrandr                                  "~├[r] xorg-xrandr"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xrdb                                    "~├[r] xorg-xrdb"                                          xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xset                                    "~├[r] xorg-xset"                                          xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xsetroot                                "~├[r] xorg-xsetroot"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xtrans                                  "~├[r] xorg-xtrans"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xvinfo                                  "~├[r] xorg-xvinfo"                                        xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xorg-xwininfo                                "~├[r] xorg-xwininfo"                                      xorg
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/xorg/xrestop                                      "~├[r] xrestop"                                            xorg
│
├─[CONTRIB]
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/acpi                                      "~├[r] acpi"                                               contrib
https://github.com/aircrack-ng/aircrack-ng/commits/master.atom         "~├[c] aircrack-ng{,-scm}"                                 contrib
https://github.com/aircrack-ng/aircrack-ng/releases.atom               "~├[r] aircrack-ng{,-scm}"                                 contrib
https://github.com/bassdr/alsaequal/commits/master.atom                "~├[c] alsaequal"                                          contrib
https://github.com/bassdr/alsaequal/releases.atom                      "~├[r] alsaequal"                                          contrib
https://github.com/OWASP/Amass/commits/master.atom                     "~├[c] amass"                                              contrib
https://github.com/OWASP/Amass/releases.atom                           "~├[r] amass"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/amf-headers                               "~├[r] amf-headers"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/android-sdk-platform-tools                "~├[r] android-sdk-platform-tools-bin"                     contrib
https://github.com/iBotPeaches/Apktool/commits/master.atom             "~├[c] apktool-bin"                                        contrib
https://github.com/iBotPeaches/Apktool/releases.atom                   "~├[r] apktool-bin"                                        contrib
https://github.com/i-rinat/apulse/commits/master.atom                  "~├[c] apulse"                                             contrib
https://github.com/i-rinat/apulse/releases.atom                        "~├[r] apulse"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/arandr                                    "~├[r] arandr"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/aria2                                     "~├[r] aria2"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/arpon                                     "~├[r] arpon"                                              contrib
https://github.com/royhills/arp-scan/commits/master.atom               "~├[c] arp-scan"                                           contrib
https://github.com/royhills/arp-scan/releases.atom                     "~├[r] arp-scan"                                           contrib
https://github.com/byt3bl33d3r/arpspoof/commits/master.atom            "~├[c] arpspoof"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/arpwatch                                  "~├[r] arpwatch"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/asciidoc                                  "~├[r] asciidoc"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/asciidoctor                               "~├[r] asciidoctor"                                        contrib
https://github.com/funtastix/asleap/commits/master.atom                "~├[c] asleap"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/aspell                                    "~├[r] aspell"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/aspell-en                                 "~├[r] aspell-en"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/aspell-ro                                 "~├[r] aspell-ro"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/aspell-ru                                 "~├[r] aspell-ru"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/atk                                       "~├[r] atk"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/atkmm                                     "~├[r] atkmm"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/at-spi2-atk                               "~├[r] at-spi2-atk"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/at-spi2-core                              "~├[r] at-spi2-core"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/autoconf-2.13                             "~├[r] autoconf-2.13"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/babl                                      "~├[r] babl"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/bbswitch                                  "~├[r] bbswitch"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/bind                                      "~├[r] bind"                                               contrib
https://github.com/ReFirmLabs/binwalk/commits/master.atom              "~├[c] binwalk"                                            contrib
https://github.com/ReFirmLabs/binwalk/releases.atom                    "~├[r] binwalk"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/bluealsa                                  "~├[r] bluealsa"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/bluez                                     "~├[r] bluez"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/boehm-gc                                  "~├[r] boehm-gc"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/boost                                     "~├[r] boost"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/bridge-utils                              "~├[r] bridge-utils"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/brotli                                    "~├[r] brotli"                                             contrib
https://github.com/aanarchyy/bully/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] bully"                                              contrib
https://github.com/aanarchyy/bully/releases.atom                       "~├[r] bully"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/bumblebee                                 "~├[r] bumblebee"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cairomm                                   "~├[r] cairomm"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cairomm12                                 "~├[r] cairomm12"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/caps                                      "~├[r] caps"                                               contrib
https://github.com/aquynh/capstone/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] capstone"                                           contrib
https://github.com/aquynh/capstone/releases.atom                       "~├[r] capstone"                                           contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/captal/commits/master.atom             "~├[c] captal"                                             contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/captal/releases.atom                   "~├[r] captal"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/c-ares                                    "~├[r] c-ares"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cdparanoia                                "~├[r] cdparanoia"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cdrkit                                    "~├[r] cdrkit"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cgit                                      "~├[r] cgit"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cgroupfs-mount                            "~├[r] cgroupfs-mount"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/chmlib                                    "~├[r] chmlib"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/chromaprint                               "~├[r] chromaprint"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/chrpath                                   "~├[r] chrpath"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/conntrack-tools                           "~├[r] conntrack-tools"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/console-font-terminus                     "~├[r] console-font-terminus"                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/consolekit                                "~├[r] consolekit"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/containerd                                "~├[r] containerd"                                         contrib
https://github.com/joswr1ght/cowpatty/commits/master.atom              "~├[c] cowpatty"                                           contrib
https://github.com/joswr1ght/cowpatty/releases.atom                    "~├[r] cowpatty"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cppcheck                                  "~├[r] cppcheck"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cpufrequtils                              "~├[r] cpufrequtils"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cpuid                                     "~├[r] cpuid"                                              contrib
https://github.com/npitre/cramfs-tools/commits/master.atom             "~├[c] cramfs-tools"                                       contrib
https://github.com/npitre/cramfs-tools/releases.atom                   "~├[r] cramfs-tools"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cuda                                      "~├[r] cuda"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cvs                                       "~├[r] cvs"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/cyrus-sasl                                "~├[r] cyrus-sasl"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/dav1d                                     "~├[r] dav1d"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/ddrescue                                  "~├[r] ddrescue"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/desktop-file-utils                        "~├[r] desktop-file-utils"                                 contrib
https://github.com/pxb1988/dex2jar/commits/2.x.atom                    "~├[c] dex2jar-bin"                                        contrib
https://github.com/pxb1988/dex2jar/releases.atom                       "~├[r] dex2jar-bin"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/dhcp                                      "~├[r] dhcp"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/dhcp-spoof                                "~├[r] dhcp-spoof"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/distcc                                    "~├[r] distcc"                                             contrib
https://sourceforge.net/p/djvu/djvulibre-git/feed                      "~├[c] djvulibre"                                          contrib
https://sourceforge.net/projects/djvu/rss?path=/DjVuLibre              "~├[r] djvulibre"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/dmenu                                     "~├[r] dmenu"                                              contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/dmenu-4.5-chinarulezzz/commits/master.atom "~├[c] dmenu-4.5-chinarulezzz-scm"                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/dmidecode                                 "~├[r] dmidecode"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/dnstop                                    "~├[r] dnstop"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/docbook-xml                               "~├[r] docbook-xml"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/docbook-xsl                               "~├[r] docbook-xsl"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/docker                                    "~├[r] docker"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/docker-compose                            "~├[r] docker-compose"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/docutils                                  "~├[r] docutils"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/dos2unix                                  "~├[r] dos2unix"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/double-conversion                         "~├[r] double-conversion"                                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/doxygen                                   "~├[r] doxygen"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/dsniff                                    "~├[r] dsniff"                                             contrib
https://github.com/knopwob/dunst/commits/master.atom                   "~├[c] dunst{,-scm}"                                       contrib
https://github.com/knopwob/dunst/releases.atom                         "~├[r] dunst{,-scm}"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/dvd+rw-tools                              "~├[r] dvd+rw-tools"                                       contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/dwm-6.0-chinarulezzz/commits/master.atom   "~├[c] dwm-6.0-chinarulezzz-scm"                    contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/dwm-env-scm/commits/master.atom            "~├[r] dwm-env-scm"                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/ebtables                                  "~├[r] ebtables"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/eglexternalplatform                       "~├[r] eglexternalplatform"                                contrib
https://gitlab.com/libeigen/eigen/-/commits/master?format=atom         "~├[c] eigen3"                                             contrib
https://gitlab.com/libeigen/eigen/-/tags?format=atom                   "~├[r] eigen3"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/enchant                                   "~├[r] enchant"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/ethtool                                   "~├[r] ethtool"                                            contrib
https://github.com/Ettercap/ettercap/commits/master.atom               "~├[c] ettercap"                                           contrib
https://github.com/Ettercap/ettercap/releases.atom                     "~├[r] ettercap"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/exif                                      "~├[r] exif"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/exiv2                                     "~├[r] exiv2"                                              contrib
https://github.com/KDE/extra-cmake-modules/commits/master.atom         "~├[c] extra-cmake-modules"                                contrib
https://github.com/KDE/extra-cmake-modules/releases.atom               "~├[r] extra-cmake-modules"                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/faac                                      "~├[r] faac"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/faad2                                     "~├[r] faad2"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/fdk-aac                                   "~├[r] fdk-aac"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/feh                                       "~├[r] feh"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/ffmpeg                                    "~├[r] ffmpeg"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/ffnvcodec-headers                         "~├[r] ffnvcodec-headers"                                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/fftw                                      "~├[r] fftw"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/firefox-bin                               "~├[r] firefox-bin"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/flac                                      "~├[r] flac"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/freealut                                  "~├[r] freealut"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/freeglut                                  "~├[r] freeglut"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/freerdp2                                  "~├[r] freerdp2"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/fribidi                                   "~├[r] fribidi"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gcc-fortran                               "~├[r] gcc-fortran"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gcc-fortran-ccache-bindings               "~├[r] gcc-fortran-ccache-bindings"                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gcc-fortran-distcc-bindings               "~├[r] gcc-fortran-distcc-bindings"                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gdk-pixbuf                                "~├[r] gdk-pixbuf"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gdl                                       "~├[r] gdl"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gegl                                      "~├[r] gegl"                                               contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/gencc/commits/master.atom              "~├[c] gencc"                                              contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/gencc/releases.atom                    "~├[r] gencc"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gexiv2                                    "~├[r] gexiv2"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/ghostscript                               "~├[r] ghostscript"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/giblib                                    "~├[r] giblib"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/giflib                                    "~├[r] giflib"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gimp                                      "~├[r] gimp"                                               contrib
https://github.com/pwmt/girara/commits/develop.atom                    "~├[c] girara"                                             contrib
https://github.com/pwmt/girara/releases.atom                           "~├[r] girara"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/glibmm                                    "~├[r] glibmm"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/glib-networking                           "~├[r] glib-networking"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/glslang                                   "~├[r] glslang"                                            contrib
https://sourceforge.net/p/gmtp/code/feed/                              "~├[c] gmtp"                                               contrib
https://sourceforge.net/projects/gmtp/rss?path=/                       "~├[r] gmtp"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/go                                        "~├[r] go"                                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/google-chrome-bin                         "~├[r] google-chrome-bin"                                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gpgme                                     "~├[r] gpgme"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gpgme-qt5                                 "~├[r] gpgme-qt5"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gpm                                       "~├[r] gpm"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/graphene                                  "~├[r] graphene"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/graphite2                                 "~├[r] graphite2"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/graphviz                                  "~├[r] graphviz"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gsettings-desktop-schemas                 "~├[r] gsettings-desktop-schemas"                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gsl                                       "~├[r] gsl"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gsm                                       "~├[r] gsm"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gst-libav                                 "~├[r] gst-libav"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gst-plugins-bad                           "~├[r] gst-plugins-bad"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gst-plugins-base                          "~├[r] gst-plugins-base"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gst-plugins-good                          "~├[r] gst-plugins-good"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gst-plugins-ugly                          "~├[r] gst-plugins-ugly"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gstreamer                                 "~├[r] gstreamer"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gtk                                       "~├[r] gtk"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gtk3                                      "~├[r] gtk3"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gtk-doc                                   "~├[r] gtk-doc"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gtk-engine-murrine                        "~├[r] gtk-engine-murrine"                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gtk-engines                               "~├[r] gtk-engines"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gtkmm                                     "~├[r] gtkmm"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gtkmm3                                    "~├[r] gtkmm3"                                             contrib
https://github.com/EliverLara/Nordic/commits/master.atom               "~├[c] gtk-theme-nordic"                                   contrib
https://github.com/EliverLara/Nordic/releases.atom                     "~├[r] gtk-theme-nordic"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gutenprint                                "~├[r] gutenprint"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/gutenprint-gimp                           "~├[r] gutenprint-gimp"                                    contrib
https://github.com/hashcat/hashcat/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] hashcat"                                            contrib
https://github.com/hashcat/hashcat/releases.atom                       "~├[r] hashcat"                                            contrib
https://github.com/hashcat/hashcat-utils/commits/master.atom           "~├[c] hashcat-utils"                                      contrib
https://github.com/hashcat/hashcat-utils/releases.atom                 "~├[r] hashcat-utils"                                      contrib
https://github.com/psypanda/hashID/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] hashid"                                             contrib
https://github.com/psypanda/hashID/releases.atom                       "~├[r] hashid"                                             contrib
https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxdumptool/commits/master.atom              "~├[c] hcxdumptool"                                        contrib
https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxdumptool/releases.atom                    "~├[r] hcxdumptool"                                        contrib
https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxtools/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] hcxtools"                                           contrib
https://github.com/ZerBea/hcxtools/releases.atom                       "~├[r] hcxtools"                                           contrib
https://gitlab.com/BenjaminDobell/Heimdall/-/commits/master?format=atom       "~├[c] heimdall"                                    contrib
https://gitlab.com/BenjaminDobell/Heimdall/-/tags?format=atom                 "~├[r] heimdall"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/help2man                                  "~├[r] help2man"                                           contrib
https://github.com/hexchat/hexchat/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] hexchat"                                            contrib
https://github.com/hexchat/hexchat/releases.atom                       "~├[r] hexchat"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/hfsplusutils                              "~├[r] hfsplusutils"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/hfsutils                                  "~├[r] hfsutils"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/hicolor-icon-theme                        "~├[r] hicolor-icon-theme"                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/hostapd                                   "~├[r] hostapd"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/hunspell                                  "~├[r] hunspell"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/hunspell-en                               "~├[r] hunspell-en"                                        contrib
https://github.com/open-mpi/hwloc/commits/master.atom                  "~├[c] hwloc"                                              contrib
https://github.com/open-mpi/hwloc/releases.atom                        "~├[r] hwloc"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/i2c-tools                                 "~├[r] i2c-tools"                                          contrib
https://github.com/i3/i3/commits/master.atom                           "~├[c] i3"                                                 contrib
https://github.com/i3/i3/releases.atom                                 "~├[r] i3"                                                 contrib
https://github.com/i3/i3status/commits/master.atom                     "~├[c] i3status"                                           contrib
https://github.com/i3/i3status/releases.atom                           "~├[r] i3status"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/icu                                       "~├[r] icu"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/imagemagick                               "~├[r] imagemagick"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/imagemagick-compat                        "~├[r] imagemagick-compat"                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/imlib2                                    "~├[r] imlib2"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/inkscape                                  "~├[r] inkscape"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/inotify-tools                             "~├[r] inotify-tools"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/intel-firmware                            "~├[r] intel-firmware"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/intel-ucode                               "~├[r] intel-ucode"                                        contrib
https://github.com/smxi/inxi/commits/master.atom                       "~├[c] inxi"                                               contrib
https://github.com/smxi/inxi/releases.atom                             "~├[r] inxi"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/iotop                                     "~├[r] iotop"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/ipcalc                                    "~├[r] ipcalc"                                             contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/IPObfuscator/commits/master.atom       "~├[c] ipobfuscator"                                       contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/IPObfuscator/releases.atom             "~├[r] ipobfuscator"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/ipset                                     "~├[r] ipset"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/iptstate                                  "~├[r] iptstate"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/iso-codes                                 "~├[r] iso-codes"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/itstool                                   "~├[r] itstool"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/iucode-tool                               "~├[r] iucode-tool"                                        contrib
https://github.com/skylot/jadx/commits/master.atom                     "~├[c] jadx-bin"                                           contrib
https://github.com/skylot/jadx/releases.atom                           "~├[r] jadx-bin"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/jasper                                    "~├[r] jasper"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/jdk8-bin                                  "~├[r] jdk8-bin"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/john                                      "~├[r] john"                                               contrib
https://github.com/rezasp/joomscan/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] joomscan-scm"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/jq                                        "~├[r] jq"                                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/json-glib                                 "~├[r] json-glib"                                          contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/jukebox/commits/jukebox.atom        "~├[c] jukebox"                                            contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/jukebox/releases.atom               "~├[r] jukebox"                                            contrib
https://github.com/KDE/karchive/commits/master.atom                    "~├[c] karchive"                                           contrib
https://github.com/KDE/karchive/releases.atom                          "~├[r] karchive"                                           contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/karma/commits/master.atom              "~├[c] karma"                                              contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/karma/releases.atom                    "~├[r] karma"                                              contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kcompletion/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] kcompletion"                                        contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kcompletion/releases.atom                       "~├[r] kcompletion"                                        contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kconfig/commits/master.atom                     "~├[c] kconfig"                                            contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kconfig/releases.atom                           "~├[r] kconfig"                                            contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kcoreaddons/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] kcoreaddons"                                        contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kcoreaddons/releases.atom                       "~├[r] kcoreaddons"                                        contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kguiaddons/commits/master.atom                  "~├[c] kguiaddons"                                         contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kguiaddons/releases.atom                        "~├[r] kguiaddons"                                         contrib
https://github.com/KDE/ki18n/commits/master.atom                       "~├[c] ki18n"                                              contrib
https://github.com/KDE/ki18n/releases.atom                             "~├[r] ki18n"                                              contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kitemmodels/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] kitemmodels"                                        contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kitemmodels/releases.atom                       "~├[r] kitemmodels"                                        contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kitemviews/commits/master.atom                  "~├[c] kitemviews"                                         contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kitemviews/releases.atom                        "~├[r] kitemviews"                                         contrib
https://github.com/KDE/krita/commits/master.atom                       "~├[c] krita"                                              contrib
https://github.com/KDE/krita/releases.atom                             "~├[r] krita"                                              contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kwidgetsaddons/commits/master.atom              "~├[c] kwidgetsaddons"                                     contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kwidgetsaddons/releases.atom                    "~├[r] kwidgetsaddons"                                     contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kwindowsystem/commits/master.atom               "~├[c] kwindowsystem"                                      contrib
https://github.com/KDE/kwindowsystem/releases.atom                     "~├[r] kwindowsystem"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/ladspa                                    "~├[r] ladspa"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/lame                                      "~├[r] lame"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/lcms2                                     "~├[r] lcms2"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/leafpad                                   "~├[r] leafpad"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/lft                                       "~├[r] lft"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/liba52                                    "~├[r] liba52"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libao                                     "~├[r] libao"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libart_lgpl                               "~├[r] libart_lgpl"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libass                                    "~├[r] libass"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libbsd                                    "~├[r] libbsd"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libcanberra                               "~├[r] libcanberra"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libcddb                                   "~├[r] libcddb"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libcdio                                   "~├[r] libcdio"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libcdio-paranoia                          "~├[r] libcdio-paranoia"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libconfig                                 "~├[r] libconfig"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libconfuse                                "~├[r] libconfuse"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libcroco                                  "~├[r] libcroco"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libdca                                    "~├[r] libdca"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libdnet                                   "~├[r] libdnet"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libdv                                     "~├[r] libdv"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libdvdcss                                 "~├[r] libdvdcss"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libdvdnav                                 "~├[r] libdvdnav"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libdvdread                                "~├[r] libdvdread"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libebur128                                "~├[r] libebur128"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libev                                     "~├[r] libev"                                              contrib
https://github.com/libyal/libewf-legacy/commits/main.atom              "~├[c] libewf-legacy"                                      contrib
https://github.com/libyal/libewf-legacy/releases.atom                  "~├[r] libewf-legacy"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libexif                                   "~├[r] libexif"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libfaketime                               "~├[r] libfaketime"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libgd                                     "~├[r] libgd"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libgeoip                                  "~├[r] libgeoip"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libglade                                  "~├[r] libglade"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libid3tag                                 "~├[r] libid3tag"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libidl                                    "~├[r] libidl"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libidn                                    "~├[r] libidn"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libiscsi                                  "~├[r] libiscsi"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libmikmod                                 "~├[r] libmikmod"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libmms                                    "~├[r] libmms"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libmng                                    "~├[r] libmng"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libmnl                                    "~├[r] libmnl"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libmodplug                                "~├[r] libmodplug"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libmpcdec                                 "~├[r] libmpcdec"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libmpeg2                                  "~├[r] libmpeg2"                                           contrib
https://sourceforge.net/p/libmtp/code/feed/                            "~├[c] libmtp"                                             contrib
https://sourceforge.net/projects/libmtp/rss?path=/libmtp               "~├[r] libmtp"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libmypaint                                "~├[r] libmypaint"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libnet                                    "~├[r] libnet"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libnetfilter_conntrack                    "~├[r] libnetfilter_conntrack"                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libnetfilter_cthelper                     "~├[r] libnetfilter_cthelper"                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libnetfilter_cttimeout                    "~├[r] libnetfilter_cttimeout"                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libnetfilter_log                          "~├[r] libnetfilter_log"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libnetfilter_queue                        "~├[r] libnetfilter_queue"                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libnfnetlink                              "~├[r] libnfnetlink"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libnids                                   "~├[r] libnids"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libnotify                                 "~├[r] libnotify"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libogg                                    "~├[r] libogg"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libplacebo                                "~├[r] libplacebo"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libproxy                                  "~├[r] libproxy"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libpsl                                    "~├[r] libpsl"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/librsvg-compat                            "~├[r] librsvg-compat"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libsamplerate                             "~├[r] libsamplerate"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libsdl                                    "~├[r] libsdl"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libsdl2                                   "~├[r] libsdl2"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libseccomp                                "~├[r] libseccomp"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libshout                                  "~├[r] libshout"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libsigc++                                 "~├[r] libsigc++"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libsigc++2                                "~├[r] libsigc++2"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libsndfile                                "~├[r] libsndfile"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libsodium                                 "~├[r] libsodium"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libsoup                                   "~├[r] libsoup"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libspiro                                  "~├[r] libspiro"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libsrtp                                   "~├[r] libsrtp"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libssh                                    "~├[r] libssh"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libtheora                                 "~├[r] libtheora"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libtiff                                   "~├[r] libtiff"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libusb-compat                             "~├[r] libusb-compat"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libva-intel-driver                        "~├[r] libva-intel-driver"                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libva-vdpau-driver                        "~├[r] libva-vdpau-driver"                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libvdpau-va-gl                            "~├[r] libvdpau-va-gl"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libvisual                                 "~├[r] libvisual"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libvorbis                                 "~├[r] libvorbis"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libvpx                                    "~├[r] libvpx"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libwebp                                   "~├[r] libwebp"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libxdg-basedir                            "~├[r] libxdg-basedir"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/libxkbcommon                              "~├[r] libxkbcommon"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/lighttpd                                  "~├[r] lighttpd"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/lsb-release                               "~├[r] lsb-release"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/luajit                                    "~├[r] luajit"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/lxappearance                              "~├[r] lxappearance"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/lynx                                      "~├[r] lynx"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/lz4                                       "~├[r] lz4"                                                contrib
https://github.com/alobbs/macchanger/commits/master.atom               "~├[c] macchanger"                                         contrib
https://github.com/alobbs/macchanger/releases.atom                     "~├[r] macchanger"                                         contrib
https://github.com/robertdavidgraham/masscan/commits/master.atom       "~├[c] masscan{,-scm}"                                     contrib
https://github.com/robertdavidgraham/masscan/releases.atom             "~├[r] masscan{,-scm}"                                     contrib
https://github.com/aircrack-ng/mdk4/commits/master.atom                "~├[c] mdk4{,-scm}"                                        contrib
https://github.com/aircrack-ng/mdk4/releases.atom                      "~├[r] mdk4{,-scm}"                                        contrib
https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/commits/master.atom     "~├[c] metasploit"                                         contrib
https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/releases.atom           "~├[r] metasploit"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/mii-tool                                  "~├[r] mii-tool"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/minicom                                   "~├[r] minicom"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/mjpegtools                                "~├[r] mjpegtools"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/mm-common                                 "~├[r] mm-common"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/mod_wsgi                                  "~├[r] mod_wsgi"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/monit                                     "~├[r] monit"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/mpg123                                    "~├[r] mpg123"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/mpv                                       "~├[r] mpv"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/mupdf                                     "~├[r] mupdf"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/mypaint-brushes                           "~├[r] mypaint-brushes"                                    contrib
https://github.com/nmap/ncrack/commits/master.atom                     "~├[c] ncrack"                                             contrib
https://github.com/nmap/ncrack/releases.atom                           "~├[r] ncrack"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/neon                                      "~├[r] neon"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/nethogs                                   "~├[r] nethogs"                                            contrib
https://github.com/ecki/net-tools/commits/master.atom                  "~├[c] net-tools-scm"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/nginx                                     "~├[r] nginx"                                              contrib
https://github.com/sullo/nikto/commits/master.atom                     "~├[c] nikto-scm"                                          contrib
https://github.com/nmap/nmap/commits/master.atom                       "~├[c] nmap{,-scm}"                                        contrib
https://seclists.org/rss/nmap-announce.rss                             "~├[r] nmap{,-scm}"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/nspr                                      "~├[r] nspr"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/nss                                       "~├[r] nss"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/ntfs-3g                                   "~├[r] ntfs-3g"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/numactl                                   "~├[r] numactl"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/nvidia                                    "~├[r] nvidia"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/nvidia-sl                                 "~├[r] nvidia-sl"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/nvme-cli                                  "~├[r] nvme-cli"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/openal                                    "~├[r] openal"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/opencore-amr                              "~├[r] opencore-amr"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/openexr                                   "~├[r] openexr"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/openjpeg                                  "~├[r] openjpeg"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/openjpeg2                                 "~├[r] openjpeg2"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/openldap                                  "~├[r] openldap"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/openvpn                                   "~├[r] openvpn"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/opus                                      "~├[r] opus"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/orc                                       "~├[r] orc"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/p0f                                       "~├[r] p0f"                                                contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Cairo                           "~├[r] p5-cairo"                                           contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Digest-SHA1                     "~├[r] p5-digest-sha1"                                     contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Encode-Locale                   "~├[r] p5-encode-locale"                                   contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Exporter-Tiny                   "~├[r] p5-exporter-tiny"                                   contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/ExtUtils-Depends                "~├[r] p5-extutils-depends"                                contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/ExtUtils-PkgConfig              "~├[r] p5-extutils-pkgconfig"                              contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/File-Remove                     "~├[r] p5-file-remove"                                     contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/GD                              "~├[r] p5-gd"                                              contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Glib                            "~├[r] p5-glib"                                            contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Glib-Object-Introspection       "~├[r] p5-glib-object-introspection"                       contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/GStreamer1                      "~├[r] p5-gstreamer1"                                      contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Gtk2                            "~├[r] p5-gtk2"                                            contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Gtk2-Notify                     "~├[r] p5-gtk2-notify"                                     contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Gtk2-TrayIcon                   "~├[r] p5-gtk2-trayicon"                                   contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/HTML-Parser                     "~├[r] p5-html-parser"                                     contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/HTML-Tagset                     "~├[r] p5-html-tagset"                                     contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/HTTP-Cookies                    "~├[r] p5-http-cookies"                                    contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/HTTP-Daemon                     "~├[r] p5-http-daemon"                                     contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/HTTP-Date                       "~├[r] p5-http-date"                                       contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/HTTP-Message                    "~├[r] p5-http-message"                                    contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/HTTP-Negotiate                  "~├[r] p5-http-negotiate"                                  contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Image-ExifTool                  "~├[r] p5-image-exiftool"                                  contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/IO-HTML                         "~├[r] p5-io-html"                                         contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/IO-Socket-INET6                 "~├[r] p5-io-socket-inet6"                                 contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/IO-Socket-SSL                   "~├[r] p5-io-socket-ssl"                                   contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/IO-String                       "~├[r] p5-io-string"                                       contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/JSON                            "~├[r] p5-json"                                            contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/libwww-perl                     "~├[r] p5-libwww"                                          contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/List-MoreUtils                  "~├[r] p5-list-moreutils"                                  contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/List-MoreUtils-XS               "~├[r] p5-list-moreutils-xs"                               contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/LWP-MediaTypes                  "~├[r] p5-lwp-mediatypes"                                  contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/LWP-Protocol-https              "~├[r] p5-lwp-protocol-https"                              contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Module-Build                    "~├[r] p5-module-build"                                    contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Module-Install                  "~├[r] p5-module-install"                                  contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Module-ScanDeps                 "~├[r] p5-module-scandeps"                                 contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/NetAddr-IP                      "~├[r] p5-netaddr-ip"                                      contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Net-DBus                        "~├[r] p5-net-dbus"                                        contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Net-DNS                         "~├[r] p5-net-dns"                                         contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Net-HTTP                        "~├[r] p5-net-http"                                        contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/NetPacket                       "~├[r] p5-netpacket"                                       contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Net-Pcap                        "~├[r] p5-net-pcap"                                        contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Net-RawIP                       "~├[r] p5-net-rawip"                                       contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Net-SSLeay                      "~├[r] p5-net-ssleay"                                      contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Pango                           "~├[r] p5-pango"                                           contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Regexp-Common                   "~├[r] p5-regexp-common"                                   contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Socket6                         "~├[r] p5-socket6"                                         contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/String-CRC32                    "~├[r] p5-string-crc32"                                    contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Text-ASCIITable                 "~├[r] p5-text-asciitable"                                 contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Text-CSV                        "~├[r] p5-text-csv"                                        contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Text-CSV_XS                     "~├[r] p5-text-csv-xs"                                     contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Try-Tiny                        "~├[r] p5-try-tiny"                                        contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/URI                             "~├[r] p5-uri"                                             contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/XML-Simple                      "~├[r] p5-xml-simple"                                      contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/XML-Twig                        "~├[r] p5-xml-twig"                                        contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/YAML-Tiny                       "~├[r] p5-yaml-tiny"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/p7zip                                     "~├[r] p7zip"                                              contrib
https://github.com/gw0/PadBuster/commits/master.atom                   "~├[c] padbuster"                                          contrib
https://github.com/gw0/PadBuster/releases.atom                         "~├[r] padbuster"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pam-gnupg                                 "~├[r] pam-gnupg"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pango                                     "~├[r] pango"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pango-compat                              "~├[r] pango-compat"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pangomm                                   "~├[r] pangomm"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pangox-compat                             "~├[r] pangox-compat"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/parallel                                  "~├[r] parallel"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/partclone                                 "~├[r] partclone"                                          contrib
https://github.com/zx2c4/password-store/commits/master.atom            "~├[c] password-store"                                     contrib
https://github.com/zx2c4/password-store/releases.atom                  "~├[r] password-store"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pavucontrol                               "~├[r] pavucontrol"                                        contrib
https://github.com/vapier/pcalc/commits/master.atom                    "~├[c] pcalc"                                              contrib
https://github.com/vapier/pcalc/releases.atom                          "~├[r] pcalc"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pcsxr                                     "~├[r] pcsxr"                                              contrib
https://sourceforge.net/projects/pdfcrack/rss?path=/pdfcrack           "~├[r] pdfcrack"                                           contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/pentestuff/commits/master.atom         "~├[r] pentestuff"                                         contrib
https://metacpan.org/feed/distribution/Perl-Tidy                       "~├[r] perltidy"                                           contrib
https://github.com/sundowndev/PhoneInfoga/releases.atom                "~├[r] phoneinfoga-bin"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/php-gd                                    "~├[r] php-gd"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/physfs                                    "~├[r] physfs"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pinentry-gtk2                             "~├[r] pinentry-gtk2"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pinentry-qt5                              "~├[r] pinentry-qt5"                                       contrib
https://github.com/wiire-a/pixiewps/commits/master.atom                "~├[c] pixiewps"                                           contrib
https://github.com/wiire-a/pixiewps/releases.atom                      "~├[r] pixiewps"                                           contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/pixload/commits/master.atom            "~├[c] pixload"                                            contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/pixload/releases.atom                  "~├[r] pixload"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pm-utils                                  "~├[r] pm-utils"                                           contrib
https://github.com/jech/polipo/commits/master.atom                     "~├[c] polipo"                                             contrib
https://github.com/jech/polipo/releases.atom                           "~├[r] polipo"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/poppler                                   "~├[r] poppler"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/poppler-data                              "~├[r] poppler-data"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/poppler-glib                              "~├[r] poppler-glib"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/poppler-qt5                               "~├[r] poppler-qt5"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/postgresql                                "~├[r] postgresql"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/potrace                                   "~├[r] potrace"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/powertop                                  "~├[r] powertop"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/protobuf                                  "~├[r] protobuf"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/protobuf-c                                "~├[r] protobuf-c"                                         contrib
https://github.com/rofl0r/proxychains-ng/commits/master.atom           "~├[c] proxychains-ng"                                     contrib
https://github.com/rofl0r/proxychains-ng/releases.atom                 "~├[r] proxychains-ng"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/publicsuffix-list                         "~├[r] publicsuffix-list"                                  contrib
https://github.com/pulseaudio/pulseaudio/commits/master.atom           "~├[c] pulseaudio"                                         contrib
https://github.com/pulseaudio/pulseaudio/releases.atom                 "~├[r] pulseaudio"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pulseeffects                              "~├[r] pulseeffects"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pv                                        "~├[r] pv"                                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pwgen                                     "~├[r] pwgen"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/pygtk                                     "~├[r] pygtk"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-asn1crypto                        "~├[r] python3-asn1crypto"                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-attrs                             "~├[r] python3-attrs"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-bcrypt                            "~├[r] python3-bcrypt"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-cached-property                   "~├[r] python3-cached-property"                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-cairo                             "~├[r] python3-cairo"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-cffi                              "~├[r] python3-cffi"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-chardet                           "~├[r] python3-chardet"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-cryptography                      "~├[r] python3-cryptography"                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-cython                            "~├[r] python3-cython"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-distlib                           "~├[r] python3-distlib"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-distro                            "~├[r] python3-distro"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-docker                            "~├[r] python3-docker"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-dockerpty                         "~├[r] python3-dockerpty"                                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-docopt                            "~├[r] python3-docopt"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-dotenv                            "~├[r] python3-dotenv"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-filelock                          "~├[r] python3-filelock"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-gobject                           "~├[r] python3-gobject"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-idna                              "~├[r] python3-idna"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-importlib_metadata                "~├[r] python3-importlib_metadata"                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-jsonschema                        "~├[r] python3-jsonschema"                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-libxml2                           "~├[r] python3-libxml2"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-paramiko                          "~├[r] python3-paramiko"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-pip                               "~├[r] python3-pip"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-ply                               "~├[r] python3-ply"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-pycparser                         "~├[r] python3-pycparser"                                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-pygments                          "~├[r] python3-pygments"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-pynacl                            "~├[r] python3-pynacl"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-pyopenssl                         "~├[r] python3-pyopenssl"                                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-pyrsistent                        "~├[r] python3-pyrsistent"                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-pysocks                           "~├[r] python3-pysocks"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-requests                          "~├[r] python3-requests"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-texttable                         "~├[r] python3-texttable"                                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-urllib3                           "~├[r] python3-urllib3"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-websocket-client                  "~├[r] python3-websocket-client"                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-yaml                              "~├[r] python3-yaml"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python3-zipp                              "~├[r] python3-zipp"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python-cairo                              "~├[r] python-cairo"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python-gobject                            "~├[r] python-gobject"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python-gobject-compat                     "~├[r] python-gobject-compat"                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/python-setuptools                         "~├[r] python-setuptools"                                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/qemu                                      "~├[r] qemu"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/qemu-agent                                "~├[r] qemu-agent"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/qemu-all                                  "~├[r] qemu-all"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/qemu-x86x-arm-riscv-nogui                 "~├[r] qemu-x86x-arm-riscv-nogui"                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/qrencode                                  "~├[r] qrencode"                                           contrib
https://github.com/volgk/qrot/commits/master.atom                      "~├[c] qrot-scm"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/qt5                                       "~├[r] qt5"                                                contrib
https://sourceforge.net/projects/qt5ct/rss?path=/                      "~├[c] qt5ct"                                              contrib
https://github.com/qt/qtstyleplugins/commits/master.atom               "~├[c] qt5-styleplugins"                                   contrib
https://github.com/qt/qtstyleplugins/releases.atom                     "~├[r] qt5-styleplugins"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/quazip5                                   "~├[r] quazip5"                                            contrib
https://github.com/radareorg/radare2/commits/master.atom               "~├[c] radare2"                                            contrib
https://github.com/radareorg/radare2/releases.atom                     "~├[r] radare2"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/rdesktop                                  "~├[r] rdesktop"                                           contrib
https://github.com/t6x/reaver-wps-fork-t6x/commits/master.atom         "~├[c] reaver-wps-t6x-scm"                                 contrib
https://github.com/threat9/routersploit/commits/master.atom            "~├[c] routersploit-scm"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/rtmpdump                                  "~├[r] rtmpdump"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/rubberband                                "~├[r] rubberband"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/runc                                      "~├[r] runc"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/rust-bin                                  "~├[r] rust-bin"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sane                                      "~├[r] sane"                                               contrib
https://github.com/devttys0/sasquatch/commits/master.atom              "~├[c] sasquatch"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sbc                                       "~├[r] sbc"                                                contrib
https://github.com/secdev/scapy/commits/master.atom                    "~├[c] scapy"                                              contrib
https://github.com/secdev/scapy/releases.atom                          "~├[r] scapy"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sdl2_image                                "~├[r] sdl2_image"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sdl2_mixer                                "~├[r] sdl2_mixer"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sdl2_net                                  "~├[r] sdl2_net"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sdl2_ttf                                  "~├[r] sdl2_ttf"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sdl_gfx                                   "~├[r] sdl_gfx"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sdl_image                                 "~├[r] sdl_image"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sdl_mixer                                 "~├[r] sdl_mixer"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sdl_net                                   "~├[r] sdl_net"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sdl_pango                                 "~├[r] sdl_pango"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sdl_sound                                 "~├[r] sdl_sound"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sdl_ttf                                   "~├[r] sdl_ttf"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/shaderc                                   "~├[r] shaderc"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/shared-mime-info                          "~├[r] shared-mime-info"                                   contrib
https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck/releases.atom                   "~├[r] shellcheck-bin"                                     contrib
https://github.com/sleuthkit/sleuthkit/commits/develop.atom            "~├[c] sleuthkit"                                          contrib
https://github.com/sleuthkit/sleuthkit/releases.atom                   "~├[r] sleuthkit"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/slock                                     "~├[r] slock"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/smpeg                                     "~├[r] smpeg"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/speex                                     "~├[r] speex"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sp-flash-tool-bin                         "~├[r] sp-flash-tool-bin"                                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/spirv-headers                             "~├[r] spirv-headers"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/spirv-tools                               "~├[r] spirv-tools"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/spm                                       "~├[r] spm"                                                contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/spoofcheck/commits/master.atom         "~├[c] spoofcheck"                                         contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz/spoofcheck/releases.atom               "~├[r] spoofcheck"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sqlmap                                    "~├[r] sqlmap"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/squashfs-tools                            "~├[r] squashfs-tools"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sslh                                      "~├[r] sslh"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/sslscan                                   "~├[r] sslscan"                                            contrib
https://github.com/droe/sslsplit/commits/develop.atom                  "~├[c] sslsplit"                                           contrib
https://github.com/droe/sslsplit/releases.atom                         "~├[r] sslsplit"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/st                                        "~├[r] st"                                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/startup-notification                      "~├[r] startup-notification"                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/stfl                                      "~├[r] stfl"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/swig                                      "~├[r] swig"                                               contrib
https://github.com/jan0sch/sylpheed/commits/master.atom                "~├[c] sylpheed"                                           contrib
https://github.com/jan0sch/sylpheed/releases.atom                      "~├[r] sylpheed"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/tabbed                                    "~├[r] tabbed"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/taglib                                    "~├[r] taglib"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/tcl                                       "~├[r] tcl"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/tdb                                       "~├[r] tdb"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/testdisk                                  "~├[r] testdisk"                                           contrib
https://github.com/vanhauser-thc/thc-hydra/commits/master.atom         "~├[c] thc-hydra{,-scm}"                                   contrib
https://github.com/vanhauser-thc/thc-hydra/releases.atom               "~├[r] thc-hydra{,-scm}"                                   contrib
https://github.com/vanhauser-thc/thc-ipv6/commits/master.atom          "~├[c] thc-ipv6"                                           contrib
https://github.com/vanhauser-thc/thc-ipv6/releases.atom                "~├[r] thc-ipv6"                                           contrib
https://github.com/laramies/theHarvester/commits/master.atom           "~├[c] theharvester-scm"                                   contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/tk                                        "~├[r] tk"                                                 contrib
https://github.com/torproject/tor/commits/master.atom                  "~├[c] tor"                                                contrib
https://github.com/torproject/tor/releases.atom                        "~├[r] tor"                                                contrib
https://gitweb.torproject.org/torsocks.git/atom/?h=master              "~├[c] torsocks"                                           contrib
https://github.com/TokTok/c-toxcore/commits/master.atom                "~├[c] toxcore"                                            contrib
https://github.com/TokTok/c-toxcore/releases.atom                      "~├[r] toxcore"                                            contrib
https://github.com/JFreegman/toxic/commits/master.atom                 "~├[c] toxic"                                              contrib
https://github.com/JFreegman/toxic/releases.atom                       "~├[r] toxic"                                              contrib
https://github.com/soimort/translate-shell/commits/develop.atom        "~├[c] translate-shell"                                    contrib
https://github.com/soimort/translate-shell/releases.atom               "~├[r] translate-shell"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/transmission                              "~├[r] transmission"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/transmission-gtk                          "~├[r] transmission-gtk"                                   contrib
https://politepol.com/fd/C43tvN9GioyM                                  "~├[r] transset-df"                                        contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/tree                                      "~├[r] tree"                                               contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/Trinity-Cursor-Theme/commits/master.atom  "~├[c] trinity-cursor-theme"                         contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/Trinity-Cursor-Theme/releases.atom        "~├[r] trinity-cursor-theme"                         contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/Trinity-Extra-Theme/commits/master.atom   "~├[c] trinity-extra-theme"                          contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/Trinity-Extra-Theme/releases.atom         "~├[r] trinity-extra-theme"                          contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/Trinity-GTK-Theme/commits/master.atom     "~├[c] trinity-gtk-theme"                            contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/Trinity-GTK-Theme/releases.atom           "~├[r] trinity-gtk-theme"                            contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/Trinity-Icon-Theme/commits/master.atom    "~├[c] trinity-icon-theme"                           contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/Trinity-Icon-Theme/releases.atom          "~├[r] trinity-icon-theme"                           contrib
http://www.ax86.net/?tempskin=_atom                                    "~├[r] ttf-terminus-font"                                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/ttf-twemoji-color                         "~├[r] ttf-twemoji-color"                                  contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/unrar                                     "~├[r] unrar"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/unzip                                     "~├[r] unzip"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/urlview                                   "~├[r] urlview"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/usbredir                                  "~├[r] usbredir"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/uthash                                    "~├[r] uthash"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/v4l-utils                                 "~├[r] v4l-utils"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/vala                                      "~├[r] vala"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/vamp-plugin-sdk                           "~├[r] vamp-plugin-sdk"                                    contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/virtualbox                                "~├[r] virtualbox-{bin,extpack}"                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/vkd3d                                     "~├[r] vkd3d"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/volatility                                "~├[r] volatility"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/vorbisgain                                "~├[r] vorbisgain"                                         contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/vorbis-tools                              "~├[r] vorbis-tools"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/vulkan-headers                            "~├[r] vulkan-headers"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/vulkan-loader                             "~├[r] vulkan-loader"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/vulkan-tools                              "~├[r] vulkan-tools"                                       contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/vulkan-validation-layers                  "~├[r] vulkan-validation-layers"                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/wavpack                                   "~├[r] wavpack"                                            contrib
https://github.com/wireshark/wireshark/commits/master.atom             "~├[c] wireshark"                                          contrib
https://github.com/wireshark/wireshark/releases.atom                   "~├[r] wireshark"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/wmname                                    "~├[r] wmname"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/wol                                       "~├[r] wol"                                                contrib
https://github.com/BlackArch/wordlistctl/commits/master.atom           "~├[c] wordlistctl"                                        contrib
https://github.com/BlackArch/wordlistctl/releases.atom                 "~├[r] wordlistctl"                                        contrib
https://github.com/wpscanteam/wpscan/commits/master.atom               "~├[c] wpscan"                                             contrib
https://github.com/wpscanteam/wpscan/releases.atom                     "~├[r] wpscan"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/x264                                      "~├[r] x264"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/x265                                      "~├[r] x265"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/x86info                                   "~├[r] x86info"                                            contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xautolock                                 "~├[r] xautolock"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xbindkeys                                 "~├[r] xbindkeys"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xclip                                     "~├[r] xclip"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xdg-dbus-proxy                            "~├[r] xdg-dbus-proxy"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xdg-utils                                 "~├[r] xdg-utils"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xdo                                       "~├[r] xdo"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xdotool                                   "~├[r] xdotool"                                            contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/xkbswitch/commits/master.atom       "~├[c] xkbswitch"                                          contrib
https://github.com/chinarulezzz-de/xkbswitch/releases.atom             "~├[r] xkbswitch"                                          contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xmlto                                     "~├[r] xmlto"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xorg-font-terminus                        "~├[r] xorg-font-terminus"                                 contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xsane                                     "~├[r] xsane"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xsel                                      "~├[r] xsel"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xtables-addons                            "~├[r] xtables-addons"                                     contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xtables-geoip                             "~├[r] xtables-geoip"                                      contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xterm                                     "~├[r] xterm"                                              contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/xwinfo                                    "~├[r] xwinfo"                                             contrib
https://github.com/Cyan4973/xxHash/commits/dev.atom                    "~├[c] xxhash"                                             contrib
https://github.com/Cyan4973/xxHash/releases.atom                       "~├[r] xxhash"                                             contrib
https://github.com/lloyd/yajl/commits/master.atom                      "~├[c] yajl"                                               contrib
https://github.com/lloyd/yajl/releases.atom                            "~├[r] yajl"                                               contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/yasm                                      "~├[r] yasm"                                               contrib
https://github.com/tomac/yersinia/commits/master.atom                  "~├[c] yersinia"                                           contrib
https://github.com/tomac/yersinia/releases.atom                        "~├[r] yersinia"                                           contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/youtube-dl                                "~├[r] youtube-dl"                                         contrib
https://github.com/zaproxy/zaproxy/commits/develop.atom                "~├[c] zaproxy{,-weekly}-bin"                              contrib
https://github.com/zaproxy/zaproxy/releases.atom                       "~├[r] zaproxy{,-weekly}-bin"                              contrib
https://github.com/pwmt/zathura/commits/develop.atom                   "~├[c] zathura"                                            contrib
https://github.com/pwmt/zathura/releases.atom                          "~├[r] zathura"                                            contrib
https://github.com/pwmt/zathura-djvu/commits/master.atom               "~├[c] zathura-djvu"                                       contrib
https://github.com/pwmt/zathura-djvu/releases.atom                     "~├[r] zathura-djvu"                                       contrib
https://github.com/pwmt/zathura-pdf-poppler/commits/master.atom        "~├[c] zathura-pdf-poppler"                                contrib
https://github.com/pwmt/zathura-pdf-poppler/releases.atom              "~├[r] zathura-pdf-poppler"                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/zenity                                    "~├[r] zenity"                                             contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/zip                                       "~├[r] zip"                                                contrib
exec:~/.newsboat/ext/contrib/zita-convolver                            "~├[r] zita-convolver"                                     contrib
│
├─[CRUX]
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=ports/compat-32.git;a=atom                   "~├[c] ports/compat-32"                                    crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=ports/contrib.git;a=atom                     "~├[c] ports/contrib"                                      crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=ports/core.git;a=atom                        "~├[c] ports/core"                                         crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=ports/opt.git;a=atom                         "~├[c] ports/opt"                                          crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=ports/xorg.git;a=atom                        "~├[c] ports/xorg"                                         crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=system/glibc.git;a=atom                      "~├[c] system/glibc"                                       crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=system/iso.git;a=atom                        "~├[c] system/iso"                                         crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=tools/httpup.git;a=atom                      "~├[c] tools/httpup"                                       crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=tools/mpup.git;a=atom                        "~├[c] tools/mpup"                                         crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=tools/pkg-get.git;a=atom                     "~├[c] tools/pkg-get"                                      crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=tools/pkgutils.git;a=atom                    "~├[c] tools/pkgutils"                                     crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=tools/prt-get.git;a=atom                     "~├[c] tools/prt-get"                                      crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=tools/prt-utils.git;a=atom                   "~├[c] tools/prt-utils"                                    crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=tools/start-stop-daemon.git;a=atom           "~├[c] tools/start-stop-daemon"                            crux
https://crux.nu/gitweb/?p=tools/webtools.git;a=atom                    "~└[c] tools/webtools"                                     crux

# End of file.
